manifest: sdk-connectedhomeip: Update revision (#21974)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter
------

* Updated:

>    * ``west zap-generate`` command will remove previously generated ZAP files before generating new files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The ``west zap-generate`` command to remove previously generated ZAP files before generating new files.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed, thanks!
